we start with breaking news from Gaza
dozens of people have been reported
killed after an isra the air strike on a
school that is being used as a shelter
for displaced people the attack at the
tabin school in Gaza City took place in
the early hours of Saturday according to
gaza's Civil Defense Agency as many as a
100 people are thought to have died
Israeli military has confirmed the
strike claiming it hit a hamus command
and control center embedded within the
site it says quote numerous steps were
taken to mitigate the risk of harming
civilians let's bring in now
correspondent Rebecca Riders who's in
Jerusalem bring us up to date
Rebecca well Ben this was one of a
number of strikes carried out across the
strip overnight certainly the deadliest
with around about uh a 100 people or
more than 100 we're hearing from the
Garen civil defense killed in that
attack we're seeing many more casualties
uh we know that fire broke out as well
in that compound and and many people are
suffering from Burn uh wounds that that
were trapped and caught up in that fire
this is in fact three consecutive
strikes that hit the school which was
housing an unknown number of displaced
Palestinians and it hit around the
morning prayer time uh it certainly
looks by the images and the certain the
the types of casualties that we're uh
hearing about on the ground that that
number May well rise over time um now as
you mentioned there Israel confirmed
this air strike uh just before 6:00 a.m.
local time they said that they had
struck or precisely struck were the
words that they used Hamas operatives
operating um a command and control
center as you just me mentioned um they
also said that this was a hideout for
Hamas commanders and that they had been
planning attacks on uh IDF units from
there they said that they had taken
numerous steps to avoid civilian
casualties but that's certainly counter
to the images that and and reports that
we're hearing from the ground many uh
reports of civilians including women and
children being taken to a nearby
hospital for uh with very very severe
wounds so it's difficult to see uh when
when we talk about precise and precision
uh just how that was uh indeed carried
out and the numbers coming in this hour
what sort of reaction is coming
in yeah um you we've heard from Hamas
they have condemned the attack the
Islamic Jihad have also condemned the
attack and also fata who rules in the in
the West Bank they have also come out in
condemnation and we've also uh heard
from Egypt who have now uh come out to
say that that this you know direct
hitting of civilians will certainly uh
not bode well for the ceasefire
negotiations which are due to resume on
Thursday Israel has said that it will
send a delegation and of we haven't
heard from Hamas yet as to whether they
will take part in these uh talks though
that being made very very difficult by
the fact that Yaya Sina is now the the
you know supreme leader of Hamas both
the political and Military wings but he
is of course many many stories
underground as we believe or as is being
reported in the Hamas tunnel Network so
making negotiations with that with Hamas
very very difficult of course Egypt now
saying that you know strikes like this
that you know apparently Target
civilians that's not the words that's
what the Israeli military say but
certainly how it's being viewed by many
others is that these sort of strikes
that that you know that they say Target
civilians is going to really hamper
those negotiations the latest on the war
in Gaza and those talks which we all
hope will get underway this week Rebecca
Riders thank you